feat: add how to manually collect node data (#696)
harvester/docs: docs/troubleshooting/harvester.md

kubectl cp harvester-system/supportbundle-manager-bundle-dtl2k-69dcc69b59-w64vl:/tmp/support-bundle-kit/supportbundle_db25ccb6-b52a-4f9d-97dd-db2df2b004d4_2024-02-02T11-18-10Z.zip bundle.zip
```

### Manually Collect Node Bunndle

If node is not ready or down, support bundle kit can't collect data. Please follow these steps to manually collect data.

1. Run `echo 'JOURNALCTL="/usr/bin/journalctl -o short-precise"' > /tmp/common`
2. Run `curl -o collector-harvester https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rancher/support-bundle-kit/refs/heads/master/hack/collector-harvester && chmod +x collector-harvester`
3. Run `mkdir -p /tmp/support-bundle`
4. Run `export SUPPORT_BUNDLE_NODE_NAME=hostname`
4. Run `./collector-harvester / /tmp/support-bundle`

> After finishing this process, please compree the `/tmp/support-bundle` and attach it with related issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After finishing this process, please compress the `/tmp/support-bundle` and attach it with the related issue.
```

kubectl cp harvester-system/supportbundle-manager-bundle-dtl2k-69dcc69b59-w64vl:/tmp/support-bundle-kit/supportbundle_db25ccb6-b52a-4f9d-97dd-db2df2b004d4_2024-02-02T11-18-10Z.zip bundle.zip
```

> ### Manually Collect Node Bunndle
> 
> If node is not ready or down, support bundle kit can't collect data. Please follow these steps to manually collect data.
> 
> 1. Run script to prepare envioronment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Manually Collect Data for Support Bundle

Harvester is unable to collect data and generate a support bundle when the node is inaccessible or not ready. The workaround is to run a script and compress the generated files.

1. Prepare the environment.
```

```sh
mkdir -p /tmp/support-bundle # ensure /tmp/support-bundle exists
echo JOURNALCTL="/usr/bin/journalctl -o short-precise" > /tmp/common
export SUPPORT_BUNDLE_NODE_NAME=$(hostname)

> ```

Reviewer 2: Please indent this code block.

> 2. Run `curl -o collector-harvester https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rancher/support-bundle-kit/refs/heads/master/hack/collector-harvester` to download script
> 3. Run `chmod +x collector-harvester`
> 3. Run `./collector-harvester / /tmp/support-bundle`
> 
> After finishing this process, please compress the `/tmp/support-bundle` and attach it with the related issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the following commands:

  - Download the script: `curl -o collector-harvester https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rancher/support-bundle-kit/refs/heads/master/hack/collector-harvester`
  - Add executable permissions: `chmod +x collector-harvester`
  - Run the script: `./collector-harvester / /tmp/support-bundle`

1. Compress the files in `/tmp/support-bundle`, and then attach the archive to the related issue.
```
